All right, so Student Action Summit, I'm with one of the greatest influencers of Turning Point USA.
This isn't an insult, Isabel. It's Isabel Brown. It's not an insult, but you're like Seabiscuit. I love that, actually. Meaning you're tiny, but you're mighty. I love that. How tall are you? 5'1
I stopped growing in the sixth grade, and back then I was like normal size, and I actually played basketball. I was pretty good at it, and then everyone else kept growing, and I did not. So God only lets things grow.
I think it's growing until they're perfect, Pastor Rob. And I guess I just didn't take a second. You're concentrated.
I adore you and it happened during the election.
When you guys were
Um, evaluating all the returns.
And I'm sitting there watching this panel as you guys went late into the night with Charlie and you have a couple other people, but you would fill in on that panel.
Your articulation and your insight and the stuff you were bringing, I'm sitting there going,
Man.
This gal gets it.
You were phenomenal. Thank you. And you brought a lot of people comforted inside into the chaos of that last election. Boy, was that wild. I will tell you what. Those live streams were not planned way back when.
Back when many of you probably watched them, you were flying with a seat in your pants. Crazy. Into the middle of the night, people were coming in, bringing us pizza and tea and all kinds of stuff. But it was just so important.
Because they did unlock such a unique opportunity to connect with people in real time in a very unfiltered and authentic way when we needed that the most. And they, yeah, they weren't getting the, the, the.
The information anywhere else and the viewership just exploded.
And you just became a face for America. Well, it is all thanks to the grace of God, for sure. I never anticipated that I would ever be a content creator or working for an organization like Turning Point.
I'm actually pre-med for my educational background. So God oddly brought me on this new journey and it's been such an exciting ride for the last few years. Now you've become a face for America.
America
And here you are at Student Action Summit.
Um,
What does turning point have you doing now?
because really you're iconic for the organization and I love the fact that
You're not ashamed of your faith, and Turning Point isn't either. I mean, it's a secular 501c3, but
You don't hold back from your faith and they don't demand you do that. You express your love for the Lord. Absolutely. And he is the why in what you do.
Uh,
What's it like working for a second organization?
where you're not hindered by that. And then, like I said,
What do they have you doing now? Because there's nothing you can't do. What do they have you focusing on? Well, the first part of your question is an important one because I think people are often confused.
use, whether we're a Christian organization or we're a secular organization. There's a lot of different moving parts all the time. But ultimately, I do so many different things in the movement. Sometimes it's a 15-second TikTok video.
talk videos. Sometimes I'm on a live stream for three hours. I'm an author as well. But really, I just get up every day and I tell the truth. That's what I say my job is. And as a Christian, the truth to me is,
He is the Lord. Ultimately, we believe that Jesus Christ is the way, the truth, the life. And ultimately, that is my guiding principle for a moral compass, for objective reality, and just the best in 2020.
the best information that I can give to my generation. I love the way you phrased that.
Because he's the way, the truth, and the life. And then I was thinking, you know, John 1, in the beginning was a word, and the word was with God. The word was God. The word became intellectual. Logos, intellectual truth, this idea of...
of reasoning.
And, and, and...
The preaching of the truth and content must be protected in a constitutional republic. We've been watching censorship.
And in the midst of the cancellations, in the midst of a media that has been bought and paid for by big pharma,
The narrative that they're all speaking in an echo chamber, Americans are becoming disinterested in that.
And we're watching people come over in droves. Yeah. And...
And that's really what you do. you, you, you, you search for the truth, you proclaim the truth, and.
You do a great job in articulating. Well, thank you. And it's never been more important, especially for Generation Z, to get out of that echo chamber of the same information going around and around.
around and around from the legacy media. So to answer the second part of your previous question, I actually just announced a brand new series that I'm doing with TP USA called Rent Free, which we are launching next.
Shayna: I think next month it's kind of a play on words. We like to say in my generation that the most controversial people and ideas and conversations live in your head rent free. So we're going to be sitting down with
down with culture's most influential figures. Everything from video game streamers to athletes and content creators, chefs, youtubers and everything in between. So we are so
We are so, so excited to be launching that next month and really zooming out to this 30,000-foot level for Generation Z beyond politics. This is really ultimately about politics.
about culture. And so we're trying to zoom back out, be the top of the funnel content for Turning Point USA. And we're really excited for it.
uh bright bar used to say and i've said this a couple times bright bar used to say that that politics is downstream from culture uh
And I love the fact that your faith
Being applied the way it is is driving culture.
And and to this idea of rhetoric, where you you take gifts of the of the English language to ruminate in someone's mind a truth that they can't get out of their head. Yeah, and.
And the play on words with rent free, it's brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
I wish you the greatest of success. I know it will be. Anything you touch is successful.
Um,
And the last question, because I know you're busy.
What is your favorite?
It's part Turning Point USA. That is really hard. Oh, my gosh. Pastor Rob, you're getting me today.
I've been around for a long time. I got my star. Which is a rarity for Turning Point because...
Some of the greatest
Uh, uh.
Voices in America started at Turning Point. Candace Owen, Officer Tatum, and they all branched out. And you guys celebrate their transitioning.
There's no animosity in Turning Point.
But you've chosen to remain and that that you know it's only a 10 year old organization but the hard to find people have been there a long time because they find their voice and they
Step out and multiply here
But you've been here i have yeah it's been a long journey i actually was a student of ours first i started a chapter on my college campus after i attended a conference a lot like this one in chicago
in 2017 at Colorado State University. So I've walked through so many different roles in the organization and seen it grow and change and impact so many people's lives in so many
in so many different ways. And I think ultimately my favorite thing about the organization, even in all of these different capacities, has just been the people I've been able to meet along the way. I've made the best friends of my entire life.
entire life. I've been challenged. I've been encouraged to change my perspectives on things over and over, but still respected and loved and encouraged along the way. And I think that's a really rare issue.
environment for Gen Z in particular, not just to work in, but to live in each and every day. So I'm so grateful for this amazing group of people and excited to see where we go next. It's that added.
That is about that six thousand students are drawn to.
Uh, because, uh,
They believe in America. They have a hope for it.
Folks seem to have given up or they're embracing the World Economic Forum. What do you think that America is evil? And here we're seeing young people on their own dime come to this and -- and --
And it's your voice that draws them because it's a voice of truth. In front of all these folks, I want to tell you thank you. Thank you. I'm so grateful for what you do, and I'm grateful.
When I say I'm proud of you, I don't really necessarily like to use that because when someone says that they elevate themselves, I'm saying it as a fan of yours. I am proud of what you're doing.
And it inspires and blesses me. And I want the folks that know that. That somebody that's young can inspire somebody old.
And learn
how to reach these kids. Yeah. And you're killing it. And I'm grateful for you. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Isabel Brown, follow her. Tell them how to follow you. I am at the Isabel Brown all over the world.
all over the internet in pretty much every place you can find me, and my new show will be at Rent Free Show on social media. You've got to tune into that. Seriously. For no other reason.
Reason, especially if you're my age, you've got to tune in so you can understand how to reach the next generation. Don't be a Luddite and fear technology. Embrace it.
Race it because the young people are and you need to understand how to do this. And this is your bridge to that. God bless you. Awesome. Thanks, Rob. You bet.